Osteosarcomas of the 1 jaw is are very aggressive and , 
malignant tumors that account for 5% to –13% of all musculoskeletal osteosarcomas, . 
Osteosarcoma in long bones most commonly occur in young adults 
where as jaw osteosarcoma usually with the incidence being more 
common in middle-aged individuals present at a later age group (mean age of, 34 to –36 years).
 The behavior of Head and neck osteosarcomas of the head and neck differs 
behave distinctly from that that of osteosarcomas of long bones, which commonly 
occur in young adults. 2 The occurrence of cCancer occurs infrequently induring pregnancy,
 with a rate of is an infrequent event accounting for 0.07% to –0.1% among of all pregnancies.
 The hHormonal changes that influence that act on the initiation and development
 of malignancies during pregnancy remain is highly controversial. 
However, there were some studies have which have proven the pregnancy  - 3 
related aggressiveness of in the tumors. The Iinfluence of pregnancy on the natural 
course process of bone and soft tissue sarcomas is remains controversial. 
Remmelink M et al. performed in his in vitro studies and showed that, 
osteosarcoma cell lines may be affected by sex steroids affected osteosarcoma cell lines, 
but their effect was not related to the gender origin of the cell line. 
Our In our case, patient presented to the hospital two 24 months after 
the development of a swelling. Delayed presentation may be attributed to the lack of signs 
and symptoms, the use of local remedies, religious attitudes, and the lack of interest 
on part ofby the patient. Osteosarcomas of the mMandibularle osteosarcomas can cause 
early compression of the underlying nerve, leading to paraesthesias and numbness
 in the lower lip numbness. Our patient also had numbness and tingling sensation 
in the lower lip. Early diagnosis and aggressive radical resection are important plays 
a key role infor achieving high survival rates. In our case, 
wide local excision with segmental mandibulectomy was selectedopted as a surgical procedure; 
the .  Ppatient has consented for second -stage osseous osseus reconstruction.
